I'm gonna ask MJ to marry me the man has
to put his wife before himself
can you do that yeah I think I can we
have some new information this is your
uncle's actual killer we lost his trail
two days ago
this man killed my uncle he's still out
there
everybody needs help sometimes be sure
he was spider-man ribbon just like a
poison can take us over before you know
it can turn you into something ugly -
where'd this come from power feels good
loose stuff to it
whoa fighting love the new outfit
remember Ben Parker what did it matter
to you anyway everything
you know me why would I want to push you
away I love you live is becoming me I
didn't kill your father
even terrible things to each other we
have to forgive each other or everything
we ever world anew nothing need your
help I have to stop it
this could be the end of spider-man